Sometimes Support Creepers will spawn lighting, charging any normal Creepers nearby.
Zombies, Skeletons, and Creepers will drop their head if killed by a Charged Creeper's explosion.
A Whip can be used to make most MoCreatures animals stay put.
Use a Deconstruction Table to replenish aspect points for research.
The Wyvern is the fastest MoCreatures flying mount.
You can make a Turtle a Mutant Ninja Turtle by naming it as one of them.
Turtles you named as Mutant Ninja Turtles will drop their weapons on death.
Zebras will dance to Zebra Shuffle.
Automate mundane tasks with Golemancy.
Bad Apples can be eaten with a Dendroid Mask for good effects.
You can transform Horses and Ostriches by giving them essences to drink.
Put a shield in a crafting table to remove any arrows caught.
Werewolves killed in their human form drop worse loot than if killed in thier wolf form.
A Silver Sword is the best weapon against Werewolves.
You can feed a pet Snake with Raw Rat or live Mice.
Having a pet Bird on your head will allow you to glide down from tall places.
The Osmotic Enchanter can be used for selective enchanting with thaumic enchantments.
The Advanced Enchantment Table gives full control over all enchantments.
Don't unlock forbidden research unless you are sure it will be useful.
Very rarely, Silver Skeletons will drop a Silver Sword.
Once bound, a Voyage Scroll can be used to teleport to a Voyagestone.
Heal Iron Golems and Snow Golems with an Iron Ingot or Snow Ball.
Note down the location of Aura Nodes when you find them.
Don't destroy Eldritch Obelisks. Use them to get to the Outer Lands.
An Ender Rift Foci or a Travelling Trunk with an Ordo upgrade can be used for portable storage.
Some Wand Foci can be upgraded through the Focal Manipulator.
Too much flux in an area can create taint.
Plant a Tainted Seed on Mycelium to create a Dendroid Sentinel or Seer.  
Use Thaumaturgy to it's full extent.
Arcane Bores can be used for automated mining.
Placing an Arcane Lamp on an Arcane Bore will make it light up the area it mines.
An Arcane Bore functions according to the upgrades of its Excavation focus.
The best way to trade with a Pech is through jars of Lucrum essentia.
Use a Thaumometer to identify items, blocks and mobs.
Right click Warded Jars with a Wand to empty them.
Warded Jars work with hoppers.
Absorb Aspect Orbs dropped by mobs or blocks by having a Wand in your hotbar.
A Voyage Gem allows for travel between multiple Voyagestones.
Rare, mythical mobs roam through Roofed Forests at night.
You can equip armour on to tamed Wolves.
Right click a tamed Wolf while sneaking to view it's inventory.
The Inventarium can be used by Thaumaturges for organised mass storage.
Found a new block, item or mob? Great, now scan it with a Thaumometer.
Clay, Stone, Iron, and Thaumium Golems are fireproof, and can also walk underwater.
Feeding a Bat Horse an Essence of Light above y_150 creates a Pegasus.
The Infernal Furnace is the fastest Furnace in the game.
Mo' Creatures Horses like eating Apples and Hay Stacks. You can breed them using Pumpkins.
Mo' Creatures Horses will stay put if you give them a Hay Stack.
Press P to open the Ender Compendium. Use this to understand all things that originate from the End.
Progress in the Ender Compendium by consuming Knowledge Notes or interacting with Ender phenomena.  
If you're lost on what to do next, look at the Achievements tab, Thaumonomicon, or Ender Compendium.
Some warp is ok, but too much warp can lead to very bad things.
Zebras can be tamed with Apples only if approached with a teir 4 Horse.
A Pet Amulet can store most MoCreatures pets for easy transport.
Some special MoCreatures Horses require unique Amulets for storage.
If a special Horse dies, sometimes it may turn into a Ghost Horse.
A Thaumic Restorer can be used to efficiently repair any damaged item.
If you fight a Big Golem till it explodes, it will drop it's centre block.
Scorpian Armor sets give useful buffs.
A Transference Gem with the Mob enhancement can be used to teleport mobs to a location.
Use a Dynamism Tablet with a Mob enhanced Transference Gem to transport tricky Mobs.
You can breed a Pegasus and Unicorn with Essences of Light to create a Fairy Horse.
You can only reach the Wyvern Lair with a Wyvern Portal Staff.
A Unicorn is made from feeding a Fire Horse an Essence of Light.
Using a Whip while riding a Unicorn or Elephant will make them ram.
Unicorns will glide when falling.
Using a Whip while riding a Fire Horse will make a trail of fire.
Press Z while blocking with a Shield to perform a shield bash.
Don't drop any items near Goats, they will eat them.
You can milk female Goats. But don't try to milk male Goats.
Pet Scorpions will lay an egg if given an Essence of Darkness.
Sometimes Wyverns drop Wyvern Eggs when they die.
Golden Fleece is obtained from Golden Rams; one of the rarest mythical mobs!
If you drop Void Star Dust on a Cow it has a chance to transform into a Minotaur.
You can ride a Strider with a Saddle. They can be used to travel across Lava.
Kitties have special needs: Kitty Bed, Pet Food, a Litter Box, and lots of attention.
Ogres and some other mobs will break through walls to get to you if they spot you.
Double click the search bar in your inventory to search for a specific item in containers.
Press U while hovering over an item in your inventory to show it's uses.
Press R while hovering over an item in your inventory to show it's recipe.
Use Armor Stands to store your armor.
Some Shipwrecks in the ocean have treasure in them.
Hold shift while hovering over a food item in your inventory for hunger information.
Thaumostatic Pylons automatically refuel Thaumostatic Harnesses in the given area.
Ursas spawn in snow biomes at night. They become Star Cores in death.
Jackalopes can be bred with Carrots.
Wolpertigers can be breed with Golden Carrots.
Fairy Dust can be used just like Bone Meal.
You can bottle Fairies in Jars, but be careful. Other Fairies will try to rescue them.
You can make a bottled Fairy happy by giving it Sugar.
Hold right click while using a Tusk Lance to dash.
Elite Hunters can be hired for Golden Ingots.
Pet Blitsunes will evolve to Battlesunes when they gain enough combat experience.
A Dendroid Sword will heal you if you are holding it and are under 3 hearts of health.
Eating the same food over and over will restore less and less hunger.
Wearing Crystal Glasses allows you to see clearly when swimming in lava.
Piglins will trade items for Golden Ingots.
Piglins may get angry if you pickup golden items near them.
Piglins won't be hostile if you wear at least one golden armor piece.
Hoglins can be tamed with Fungal treats so that they don't attack you.
Tamed Hoglins can be bred with Fungi.
Zoglins and Zombified Piglins can be cured with a Potion of Weakness and Golden Apples.
You can use Bonemeal on Nylium and Netherrack that is next to Nylium.
You can use Bonemeal on a Fungus to grow it into a Huge Fungus.
Soulfire hurts living creatures more. Undead or fire immune creatures will not burn.
Foxfire hurts any creature that is immune to fire.
Shadowfire hurts any creature that is not undead with withered damage.
Overworld logs and Nether logs can be stripped of bark when right clicked with an axe.
If Lava flows into a Spectral Dew flow block it will create Blackstone.
If Lava flows into a Spectral Dew source block it will create Basalt.
Tinted Glass does not allow light to go through it, including sunlight.
Wolpertingers can be bred with Golden Carrots.
Jackalopes and Frost Jackalopes can be bred with Carrots.
Mythical Creatures items can be repaired at Anvils using the materials used to craft them.
When right clicked a Marrow Sword will heal it's user in exchange for hunger.
When right clicked a Happy Fairy Jar will have a chance of giving Fairy Dust.
Shift right click a held Fairy Jar to release the Fairy. 
Hoglins are afraid of Warped Fungus.
Staves store much more vis than Wands and Scepters but can't be used in Arcane crafting.
A Scepter is the most well-rounded wand type in Thaumcraft.
A Staff is the best wand type for use in combat.
You need a Ghost Amulet to harvest Ectoplasm from Spooky Logs.
Repair enchantments can only be applied to certain Thuamcraft items (mainly Thaumium).
Repair enchantments repair items' durability using vis from a wand or staff.